README.md, before:

# TMC13

## Building

### OSX
- mkdir build
- cd build
- cmake .. -G Xcode 
- open the generated xcode project and build it

### Linux
- mkdir build
- cd build
- cmake .. 
- make

### Windows
- md build
- cd build
- cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64"
- open the generated visual studio solution and build it


## Running

This TMC13 codec implementation encodes frame sequences.  A single binary
contains the encoder and decoder implementation, with selection using
the `--mode` option.  Documentation of options is provided via the
`--help` command line option.

### Runtime configuration and configuration files

All command line parameters may be specified in a configuration file.
A set of configuration file templates compliant with the current Common
Test Conditions is provided in the cfg/ directory.

### Example

To generate the configuration files, run the gen-cfg.sh script:

```console
mpeg-pcc-tmc13/cfg$ ../scripts/gen-cfg.sh --all
```

An example script (`scripts/Makefile.tmc13-step`) demonstrates how
to launch the encoder, decoder and metric software for a single
input frame.  The VERBOSE=1 make variable shows the detailed command
execution sequence.  Further documentation of the parameters are
contained within the script.

The following example encodes and decodes frame 0100 of the sequence
`Ford_01_q_1mm`, making use of the configuration file
`cfg/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/encoder.cfg` and storing
the intermediate results in the output directory
`experiment/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/`.

```console
mpeg-pcc-tmc13$ make -f $PWD/scripts/Makefile.tmc13-step \
    -C experiment/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/ \
    VPATH=$PWD/cfg/octree-predlift/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/ \
    ENCODER=$PWD/build/tmc3/tmc3 \
    DECODER=$PWD/build/tmc3/tmc3 \
    PCERROR=/path/to/pc_error \
    SRCSEQ=/path/to/Ford_01_q_1mm/Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply \
    NORMSEQ=/path/to/Ford_01_q_1mm/Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply

  [encode]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin <- /path/to/Ford_01_q_1mm/Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply
  [md5sum]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.md5
  [md5sum]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.ply.md5
  [decode]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply <- Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin
  [md5sum]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply.md5
  [metric]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply.pc_error <- Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply
```

## Intra and inter prediction

The yaml files stored directly under the cfg/ folder correspond to intra prediction, and yaml files stored under cfg/inter/ folder correspond to inter prediction. The gen-cfg.sh script is updated such that intra/inter prediction may be specified as an additional option to produce the configuration files corresponding to intra/inter prediction; alternately, the "--all" option may be used to generate the configuration for intra and inter prediction for all tool configurations.

After running the gen-cfg.sh script, the configuration files for intra and inter prediction are generated in separate folders. The configuration files corresponding to inter prediction are generated in folders with "-inter" suffix. For example, configuration files corresponding to octree and predicting/lifting transform using intra prediction are generated in the folder octree-predlift/ (as was the case in some earlier versions of the test model), and configuration files corresponding to octree and predicting/lifting transform using inter prediction are generated in the folder octree-predlift-inter/.

Commit message:

update README.md to advise building for Release
Advise building for release to get better performances and runtime comparison

README.md, after:

# TMC13

## Building

### OSX
- mkdir build
- cd build
- cmake .. -G Xcode 
- open the generated xcode project and build it

### Linux
- mkdir build
- cd build
- cmake .. 
- make

### Windows
- md build
- cd build
- cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64"
- open the generated visual studio solution and build it

### Notes

#### Build for Release
With single-target generators (e.g. Makefile on linux), cmake may generate
a build system configured for debugging, by default.  To generate a software
more suited for runtime comparisons, it may be a good practice to use a build
system configured for Release. You may add the option
` -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` to the cmake command line, or set the variable
`CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `Release` if you are using a frontend for cmake, for
instance.

## Running

This TMC13 codec implementation encodes frame sequences.  A single binary
contains the encoder and decoder implementation, with selection using
the `--mode` option.  Documentation of options is provided via the
`--help` command line option.

### Runtime configuration and configuration files

All command line parameters may be specified in a configuration file.
A set of configuration file templates compliant with the current Common
Test Conditions is provided in the cfg/ directory.

### Example

To generate the configuration files, run the gen-cfg.sh script:

```console
mpeg-pcc-tmc13/cfg$ ../scripts/gen-cfg.sh --all
```

An example script (`scripts/Makefile.tmc13-step`) demonstrates how
to launch the encoder, decoder and metric software for a single
input frame.  The VERBOSE=1 make variable shows the detailed command
execution sequence.  Further documentation of the parameters are
contained within the script.

The following example encodes and decodes frame 0100 of the sequence
`Ford_01_q_1mm`, making use of the configuration file
`cfg/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/encoder.cfg` and storing
the intermediate results in the output directory
`experiment/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/`.

```console
mpeg-pcc-tmc13$ make -f $PWD/scripts/Makefile.tmc13-step \
    -C experiment/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/ \
    VPATH=$PWD/cfg/octree-predlift/lossy-geom-no-attrs/ford_01_q1mm/r01/ \
    ENCODER=$PWD/build/tmc3/tmc3 \
    DECODER=$PWD/build/tmc3/tmc3 \
    PCERROR=/path/to/pc_error \
    SRCSEQ=/path/to/Ford_01_q_1mm/Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply \
    NORMSEQ=/path/to/Ford_01_q_1mm/Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply

  [encode]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin <- /path/to/Ford_01_q_1mm/Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply
  [md5sum]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.md5
  [md5sum]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.ply.md5
  [decode]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply <- Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin
  [md5sum]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply.md5
  [metric]  Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply.pc_error <- Ford_01_vox1mm-0100.ply.bin.decoded.ply
```

## Intra and inter prediction

The yaml files stored directly under the cfg/ folder correspond to intra prediction, and yaml files stored under cfg/inter/ folder correspond to inter prediction. The gen-cfg.sh script is updated such that intra/inter prediction may be specified as an additional option to produce the configuration files corresponding to intra/inter prediction; alternately, the "--all" option may be used to generate the configuration for intra and inter prediction for all tool configurations.

After running the gen-cfg.sh script, the configuration files for intra and inter prediction are generated in separate folders. The configuration files corresponding to inter prediction are generated in folders with "-inter" suffix. For example, configuration files corresponding to octree and predicting/lifting transform using intra prediction are generated in the folder octree-predlift/ (as was the case in some earlier versions of the test model), and configuration files corresponding to octree and predicting/lifting transform using inter prediction are generated in the folder octree-predlift-inter/.
